Improvement for 'Using environment variables inside of your config' (#41684)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container.md

## Using environment variables inside of your config

Environment variables that you define in a Pod's configuration under 
`.spec.containers[*].env[*]` can be used elsewhere in the configuration, for 
example in commands and arguments that you set for the Pod's containers.
In the example configuration below, the `GREETING`, `HONORIFIC`, and
`NAME` environment variables are set to `Warm greetings to`, `The Most

> Honorable`, and `Kubernetes`, respectively. And the environment variable 
> `MESSAGE` combines the set of all these  environment variables and then used 
> as a CLI argument passed to the `env-print-demo` container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Honorable`, and `Kubernetes`, respectively. The environment variable 
`MESSAGE` combines the set of all these environment variables and then uses it 
as a CLI argument passed to the `env-print-demo` container.
```

Just a suggestion for readability.

Author: Hi @stormqueen1990,
Thank you for pointing it out; I've updated the format. PTAL!
